And I just walked away leaving everything --- clothes , money , records , books ... And I walked . I just <kept walking . Walking> and walking in the pissing rain . I just walked . Nothing momentous .
It was a stupid idea but nothing she said seemed to make any difference . She wanted to say screw the colonialist blood but did n't . She <kept waiting for him> to do something , but he hesitated , as if he were waiting for her . She enjoyed hearing about the governess 's letters which would never be received and translations of East End rhyming slang , but did n't think he actually listened to her , he often asked her the same questions . It was as if he were memorizing her life so he could sail to New York , adopt a different accent , and claim to be a long lost relative due a piece of her fortune which had n't been considerable and might all be gone now .
A gentle , amiable alcoholic , Tich supplemented his dole money in the pea picking season , but the soil got into the cuts on his hands and poisoned his blood . Rough cider destroys one of the healing vitamins in the body if drunk to excess , and Tich was pickled in it . His face grew puffy , his arms and legs swelled up , and his fingers turned into purple sausages so that he <kept dropping his darts> . They took him to the cider ward of the local hospital and a week later he was dead . But Tich was always happy in his way , and curiously one of his merriest nights was when he and the The Shepton Mallet pop festival was one of the first and biggest outdoor pop concerts , a drug-raddled campsite without tents , populated by beaded flower children in kaftans and body paint who had hitch-hiked west in their tens of thousands .
Our choice of the best mail order buys Join the home guard <Keep surrounding surfaces clean> and clear up fast after a messy job with this practical polyethylene sheet . It provides an ample working area and has corner fasteners to lift the edges , and help to prevent spills . What 's more , when you 've finished with it simply wipe it clean and then fold it flat for easy storage .
If nothing is readily available you find yourself trying to thaw out the cheesecake from the bottom of the freezer ( nobody will miss it , will they ? ) , or working out how long it will take you to get to the shops and back with a bag-full of goodies . The truth is that most people break their diet not just once , but many times . Dieters <keep trying , going> back on some diet or other , because they do not want to give up on themselves . After all , good results do occur , even if they are only temporary . However , the great hope all dieters have is that this new diet will be the one that will really work .
True , there was a mixed Italian and German team climbing not far away , heading for the Traverse of the Gods ; he could see them but for some reason they could n't see him . He tried to shout for help , but was too weak to raise even the feeblest of cries . He could see that Longhi , the lowest on the rope , was in a bad way ; his hands <kept slipping . It> was no surprise to the Russian when an anguished cry rang out : `` Falling ! Hold me ! '' Despite the gale , Charsky heard the whiplash of the rope snaking through the second Italian , Corti 's , gloves , as he struggled to hold his partner .
The modern equivalent of Mary Queen of Scots might well be the unsuccessful businesswoman who owes her position to her family , and therefore profoundly irritates women who are achieving success --- against the natural order of things . Second , the problem of female rule was arguably less severe in Scotland than elsewhere . Scotland was still , by contemporary standards , an unusually localized country , in which the government impinged less ; and it had two centuries of experience of long periods of royal minorities in which government and political life had to be <kept going without the> guiding hand of a monarch . For precisely these reasons , there was a well-developed sub-stratum of social and political control at local level in the kingdom at large ; and when people are accustomed to running affairs without any monarch at all , then the advent of a female ruler might well not be a substantial cause for concern . Lurking behind all this in Mary 's case is , of course , the notion of the gentler sex , with all that entails ; if nice men made bad kings , because successful kingship meant toughness and ruthlessness , how could the more emotional , gentler female hope to make a good queen ?
`` On the upside we do get some new associations to replace the old , '' says Henderson , who is happy to welcome the Anglo-Mongolian Society , among others . `` People try to take us for a ride from time to time . There is a couple in north London who <keep presenting us with> `` new '' organisations . One of their latest was OBEL , the Organisation of British Objectors to Elections . It did n't actually exist , although they 'd probably get swarms of people prepared to join it just now if they tried . ''
Despite the result on Saturday you still felt we had a lot to do . `` Tonight we have got even closer but you just do n't accept it until mathematically we ca n't do it . We did n't give up tonight and <kept plugging away and> I ca n't fault the players for effort . '' Flowers , the Southampton goalkeeper was the main reason for West Ham 's frustrations . He dived through the mud in his six-yard box to deny Slater , Bishop , Rush and Allen .
I have plans , I have a myriad projects . '' I hoped his plans included building a board for me . In the meantime , I <kept using what was> left of Ted 's Excalibur . Then I met Alan , who worked for Olo Surfboards . I gave him a lift into Honolulu one night when his car had broken down .
Firelight generally ate a bit of her haynet and by the time he settled down to go to sleep she lay down as well . But this night the mare was restless . She <kept walking round her> box , sighing , and picking bits out of her haynet and dropping them on the floor . While Nails was still reading his comic , she lay down and got up twice , which had never happened before . Nails put down his comic and looked at her closely , worried .
There was the slimy membrane and some messy stuff that Nails cleared away diligently and threw outside ; he got some fresh straw and by the time he had done that the foal was trying to stand up , with great difficulty . It could not control its folding legs , and Nails helped it , holding its backside up while it propped up its front end . All the time he had this great bursting feeling of utter incredulity inside him ; it <kept exploding , he> kept laughing out loud at the memory of the amazing appearance before his very eyes of this whole new life ; the shock of it would not fade . By the time the foal had tottered and swayed and nuzzled at Firelight in all the wrong places and eventually found the right spot to have a slurp of milk , Nails was surprised to see that it was beginning to go light . He had lost all sense of time and place .
But a long shirt tail flopped down around his thighs . Anton looked out from lowered lashes . Parker 's face was a mask of blood and he <kept brushing at his> eye . But crazed with lust , it rode him on : he had come so far , and bunching up his shirt . Anton , he saw the cock , it stood to quiver , it all seemed hardly possible .
Last week the long-suffering Chris Dunkley read out a letter from `` one of Feedback 's faithfuls '' , C Howse of Curlsdon . She was furious about trailers that advertise forthcoming programmes . `` One Saturday we were <kept waiting for TWO> MINUTES for Science Now on Radio 4 which then ran its full 30 minutes . So I missed the first two minutes of Jazz Record Requests on Radio 3 . '' Rule two : the letter must be small-minded , with the world view of a parish councillor outraged by a repainted bus stop .
THE atmosphere in Lourdes is something you ca n't describe . It was a very moving experience , barriers were broken between the mums and we could talk from our hearts . Lisa was very happy in Lourdes she loved the little spring inside of the Grotto , as soon as she saw it she could cling onto the railings and <keep saying `` hello> , hello '' . She enjoyed all the hustle and bustle of people and music . Since we came here she seems to by trying to talk much more .
2 If hurtful things have been said to you or about you do n't let your mind keep going over and over them . Again , explain what 's been said to a close friend and <keep reminding yourself that> in God 's eyes you are a successful , important and useful person . ( See chapter 2 --- `` A testing time '' . ) 3
But rather than saying , `` Sorry mate , you 'll have to wait for it to be repaired , '' Doug said , `` Take that one over there ! '' pointing to an equivalent amp . `` We 'll call you when yours is ready . '' This enabled me to <keep working without causing> additional expense ; it caused Chandlers disruption because they do not have this loaned item of stock to sell --- and , furthermore , when it 's returned to the shop , will probably be sold as ex-demo . This service is superb and worthy of note in your magazine . PHIL HILBORNE Solo Analysis SOMETHING TO HOLD ON TO --- Trevor Rabin ...
So , again and again , he declined even to take a look at what lay above the cellars and lived out his whole life in the semi-darkness . Life , according to metaphysics , is exactly as we want it to be . Our Higher Self is eager to give us a life full of love , joy , success and abundance ; but it will not do so until we say `` Yes '' , and we <keep turning our backs> on it . Day after day , we choose the dimly-lit cellars . Why do we do this ?
Former model Carol Lawson , 42 , from Park Gate , Hants , refused to hang up on her relationship with neighbour Michael Hughes after he dumped her for another woman . `` I was devastated , I wanted him back , '' Carol said after the hearing at Fareham . `` I tried to tell him that , but he <kept hanging up .> '' Model Kate 's short cut to the top EVERY model knows she is well on the way to the top when Terry O'Neill takes her picture .
Pascal Rougon , in the series of novels by Zola , he thought a noble figure . `` In his profession he found a force stronger than the temperament he had inherited from his family ; instead of surrendering to his natural instincts he followed a clear , straight path , and did not slide into the wretched muddle in which all the other Rougons perished . '' Zola 's Le Ventre de Paris was one source of inspiration , and the theme of the fallen woman , which he <kept coming across everywhere> , another . Sien was causing him a great deal of worry as the year wore on . She had begun to show signs of regression .
That , says Prue , helped convince her partners she was doing the right thing . They had reacted badly to the amount of time she was forced to spend on organising the first meeting . `` It was disruptive , '' she admits , `` because we <kept having so many> phone calls which meant that the staff got involved , together with the photocopying and sending out documents . `` I got round them by selling to them the fact that I was doing what they wanted me to do which was to get out into the business world and make contacts . It just happened that I was doing it in a unique way through the business world of women .
Probably everyone knows it and takes advantage of you in the areas where they know you are vulnerable . ( 'Would you look after my children while I go out and enjoy myself ? '' 'Would you take on extra work because I am tired ? ' ) Well you can either <keep putting up with> it or tell others that they have to look elsewhere for help with their work or children --- it 's really up to you . Why not decide not to feel guilty , and have a little of what you want ! For example :
I wrapped him in the big blanket we 'd brought as he was already shivering . The doctor fixed the drip to the bulkhead with adhesive tape . The male nurse was totally overwhelmed by his job and by his new trousers which , being a couple of sizes too large , <kept threatening to drop> to half-mast . Poor fellow . Throughout the trip my feelings toward him varied from fury at his incompetence to humour and pity .
But that simply set the stage for a final , beautiful flourish from Robins . Manager Mike Walker said : `` My team does n't surprise me , just other people . If you <keep believing in yourself> , you do n't know what might happen . `` We ca n't get carried away . But the longer we go on , well , who knows ? ''
We join MKM in sending our very best wishes to L.A. , Arune and all the Thai knitters of Nongkhai province . '' Arune keeps amazing me with her quickness and eagerness to learn . I <keep watching the ``> diplomatic pouch '' for more machines . LATCH ON EXPERIMENTS
Herol Graham have n't a prayer of ever facing Eubank . Thornton should certainly be in the rugged bracket . `` His style is that he <keeps coming forward ,> '' observes Eubank . `` His strength could turn out to be his weakness . '' And that 's where Eubank hopes the American will play right into his fists in the Daily-Mirror sponsored fight .
He looked nervous . He knew very well he was n't up there to be presented with a prize . He was watching the Headmistress with an exceedingly wary eye and he <kept edging farther and> farther away from her with little shuffles of his feet , rather as a rat might edge away from a terrier that is watching it from across the room . His plump flabby face had turned grey with fearful apprehension . His stockings hung about his ankles .
She saw the glass wobble . It actually tilted backwards a fraction of an inch , then righted itself again . She <kept pushing at it> with all those millions of invisible little arms and hands that were reaching out from her eyes , feeling the power that was flashing straight from the two little black dots in the very centres of her eyeballs . `` Tip it ! '' she whispered again . `` Tip it over ! ''
It is as stupid for a government to try to whip and cajole an entrenched profession into changing as it is to try to pull a fed-up donkey along the road by its ears . It is not only more kind , but more intelligent , to give it a rest or let it slow down . Likewise it is smarter of the donkey to explain calmly that it can only go so fast , than to <keep trying to bite> its owner . Yet what we have heard more of , in the recent discussions of the Conditions of Service , the introduction of GCSE , or of the 7 , 11 and 14 tests , is precisely this ineffective cacophony of haranguing and braying . It also repays the effort to clarify one 's own strengths and weaknesses , for an objective inventory of what one is good and bad at , finds easy and difficult , is attracted to and repelled by , helps in two ways .
The consequences of this passion were widespread , comical and partly tragic . Once when he had to play a matinée at the Old Vic , for instance , in Hamlet , scarcely offstage for a moment , there was a Welsh International match . Burton had a portable radio in the wings and for some reason Lord Hamlet <kept straying across stage> to those wings all afternoon . But that was not enough . Other actors were instructed to bring on the score .
But the main thing , after all , was that I had sent nothing abroad , although some diplomat friends had offered to do this for me . `` You never know what will happen '' , they said , `` so let us help you get something abroad '' . I <kept refusing . In> brief , we got thoroughly exhausted . I stopped sleeping at night . It was so frightful that my daughter Lilya and I stopped travelling by car together .
Described by the police as a well-known gang of `` expert pick-pockets '' , the news headlines identified them as `` Girl Hooligans '' . There were other mentions of `` Hooligan Girls '' and `` Female Hooligans '' and their `` hooliganesque '' behaviour . Young women , for example , who were `` arm-in-arm right across the pavement , and <kept pushing people off> '' , or another court report which described how `` a respectably-dressed young girl was set upon by four factory girls and unmercifully beaten '' . She said that she had `` accidentally brushed against one of the four girls who were standing on the pavement '' , whereupon `` all four caught hold of her , and beat her in a most savage manner , using fearful language '' and left her on the pound bleeding profusely from the nose and mouth . Sometimes in these accounts of the hurly-burly of the streets , we must feel that we are edging into an unfamiliar world , but here the characters need no introduction and eighty years later their motives are immediately familiar and lifelike .
He stopped , and he seemed relieved . " It 's dreadful , " he said . " I 'm so sorry I <keep treading on you> , I just ca n't help it . Should you mind if we went to look for something to drink instead ? " " Is there anything ? " she asked .
Fish-oil lamps were casting a yellow light on the damp paving stones of the quay , and a quarter moon was rising above the village . The last fish were tossed into the barrels and the last handfuls of salt ; and then the crowd pressed closer as old Jan Treffry started the barrel count . On the face of it , Harry seemed to have won , and people in the crowd were impatient to hear Treffry announce the result ; but the old man <kept scratching his chin> and shaking his head until the villagers started chanting for a decision . He called Harry over for a private word , and the two men walked across to Harry 's collection of barrels . A lever was sent for , and Harry himself was required to open up one of the barrels filled some days before .
" Oh , how embarrassing . Oh dear . I <kept trying to ask> them , was a bit of bleeding all right , and the pains , but there was n't the opportunity , and it really was n't this much ... " She made a deprecating , apologetic gesture , gave a small cry , and fell over . A great deal of blood pumped and washed over the clean tiled floor .
I was so shocked , it just did n't register . She had to tell me three times before it sunk in . I <kept saying , "> How do you do it again ? " But I had a very strict Mormon church upbringing and it was not exactly a taboo subject , but it was just taken for granted that you did n't do that until you got married . So there was no need to talk about these sort of things .
I think it 's been raining all night which is hardly April showers . Pa has given special permission for the godparents and me to stand inside at the Jonah window , while he does the immersion outside . The top light is open to enable us to hear him so we can join in with the responses , but the rain is beating so hard on the roof , we <keep coming in raggedly> and late . And Pa keeps glaring . Mrs Chalmers is standing beside me , tutting and shifting from foot to foot --- she has varicose veins , and does not like standing , which is why she always sits down to sort the bulbs .
Next to her is Michelle , her daughter , who helps with the bulbs in school holidays . Michelle is second godmother --- Auntie having refused point blank . Standing close behind me is old Frank who is deaf and <keeps shouting `` Amen> '' for no reason ( except maybe the threat of redundancy ) . It makes me jump every time . Kind Mrs Chalmers holds the prayer book high , as if for Frank --- who ca n't read --- to see it .
`` No , really ... '' `` Howard 's right , darling , '' murmurs Caroline . `` You must n't <keep running yourself down> . It 's a dreadful bore for all the rest of us . '' `` Oh , dear , '' says Freddie , knotting his arms and legs together in embarrassment .
Blanche absorbed the implication of what she had just been told : Mills had not betrayed Zbigniew Nowak and so could not have been murdered because of it . And Robert Urquhart had been shown to be lying to her about more than his affections . `` So why did Urquhart <keep telling me Mills> probably was working for the Russians ? '' Tait stroked his beard with a look of puzzlement which faded after a moment . `` He probably does n't know the truth .
The woman who backs down or away from the heights may seem simply to be conforming to stereotype --- and surely that means letting the side down ? Kate Hargreaves of Careers for Women thinks that , on the contrary , a decision to stop short or change tack is brave and positive , but can indeed be a difficult one to take . `` If you have reached a point in the career structure where there are few other women and where you are therefore extremely visible , there is tremendous pressure on you to <keep going upwards .> '' Sandra Melhuish found it was teaching that really made her happy Once women have reached senior management , for instance , where they are the only woman among 20 or 50 men , some companies tend to see them as the token woman singlehandedly proving that the company is encouraging and supporting women to reach the top .
I was trying to tell them it was n't so hot yesterday and then [unclear] coming out and out you know . So me and [unclear] got the , the ice packs out of the freezer . And I drop <kept dropping into the> buckets to cool the water down . It was terrible hot yesterday . It was .
and it 's nothing . No . You , if you get that stuff that 'll <keep doing the trick> for you . [unclear] soaps . Aye , just watch the kind of soap you use ,
The work of both Klee and Marc was tinged by a strong literary flavour , and , particularly in the case of Marc , by a strong underlying current of Germanic mysticism . In fact Marc 's painting after 1911 , with its intense , vibrant colour , and its sense of drama and dynamic tension , was in many ways closer to Futurism than to Cubism . In the work of Macke , even at its most controlled and classical , a jagged expressionistic feeling <keeps breaking through ,> while his subject-matter at its most typical invites , once again , Futurist analogies . However , what all three painters learnt from Cubism , largely through Delaunay , was the means of organizing a canvas in terms of interacting and transparent facets or planes , which could be made to suggest movement and depth , while preserving the unity of the picture-plane ; Chagall , another painter whose work was known and admired in Germany , and who had also flirted briefly with both Cubism and Orphism , acknowledged a [ 31 ] similar debt to Cubist painting . But whereas Futurism had been to a large extent aimed at and against Paris and Parisian painting , the Germans were content to remain on the receiving end of things and their work , in the pre-war years at least , had little or no influence back on French art .
She tells me that the Mum has applied for free meals but should really pay back the money owed . Agrees to write it off for me . At least I do n't have to <keep carrying it forward> any more . 11.40 : Continue typing letter . I 'll finish it eventually .
His stance should be relaxed , not fixed , since an unspecialized stance provides mobility and avoids the waste of valuable reaction time involved in switching to the best stance with which to meet an oncoming attack . As the two fighters move around the area looking for an opening in each other 's defence , various manoeuvres to distract and break the opponent 's concentration can be employed . The hands should be <kept moving at all> times , not held in a perfect , but rigid , high-guard defence . Standing off-set can present a smaller target area to the opponent and , by forcing him to strike at an alternative area , can trap him into leaving himself wide open . In free fighting so many aspects come into play at the same time that newer students suddenly seem to be out of their depth .
Nice deep breath . Mm . [unclear] <Keep breathing for me> . Very deep breaths out . Well .
it is also helpful to note down on the card idiomatic phrases using the lexical item in question , or illustrative sentences to show its range of meaning . If you are starting work on a language for which no phonological analysis has previously been done , it is obvious that you will be transcribing words with phonetic script . To start with you will try to note every phonetic variation but gradually your transcription will become " broader " , that is , you will realise or find out by systematic analysis that , for example , all the voiceless alveolar stops on the language are aspirated and therefore there is no need to <keep writing [ th> ] every time , [ t ] is enough . Or you discover that there is no phonemic distinction between dental and alveolar sounds and therefore it is not necessary to put [ _ ] under symbols to mark dental . In other words , your transcription tends to become more phonemic without being systematically so .
He wished he could remember what you were supposed to do when you wanted to register as unemployed , but he always forgot . Obviously the whole unemployment/Social Security system had been set up to confuse , anger and demoralise him . He <kept meaning to take> notes , write down all the separate moves you were meant to make , forms fill out , offices visit , people see , but he always forgot . Anyway , he always told himself that this would be the last time ; this time he would find some really good job in which he would get on really well and his talents would be appreciated and people would like him and he would surprise all his Tormentors , so there would be no reason to go through the whole fraught and sapping business of signing on again . He wondered vaguely about going back to Mrs Short 's boarding house and getting a pen and paper .
He was hot , sweating . his feet hurt after a while and his muscles ached , as though they were not dancing but running , pounding through a strange , noisy jostling forest of soft , moving trees in darkness ; just the two of them . She <kept looking at him> , and he kept trying to hide what he felt , but when they danced together , holding each other , he kept wanting to stop and just stand there , mouth hanging open ; express through sheer immobility something he possessed no dynamic for , To touch her , hold her , smell her . They went back to the other room eventually . Slater had gone .
the grey , skinned man said . Quiss hmm 'd to himself . Well , he could understand that , but he still thought it was a wasteful way of keeping the lower ranks occupied , and it did n't square at all with the continual excuses the seneschal and his minions <kept making about being> under-staffed . He would let it pass for now . " Where does it come from ?
`` It will leave its mark , I think . Are you dealing with it ? '' `` Ian <keeps telling me to> breathe it out , '' said Julia half smiling . `` Sound advice , '' said Dhani . `` You must not suppress it .
We do n't have that much time . '' `` Keep trying . '' It was painfully slow , but Michael Banks <kept trying . His> memory might have gone , but he showed plenty of guts . Bobby Anscombe was due at three . Then they would do a run for him .
`` Luke , damn it ! '' Her mind made the sacrifice for the sake of screaming flesh and she conceded defeat with a blistering fury , rage a fever in her eyes , darkening their colour to sherry . `` <Keep practising , ''> Luke quipped amusedly , and withdrew his hand as the lift glided to a halt . Maria did n't need to look at his face or see the confident way he carried himself as he stepped out of the lift with her . His subtle satisfaction seemed to permeate the space around them .
`` Thursday : More `` set discussions '' ; I 'm dragging a chair on and off for each sketch : `` Re:Pickfords '' , I mentally mutter . It seems that `` munchkins '' are going to push and pull the dresser on and off stage throughout . I <keep thinking of Joyce> 's lovely airy , chintzy fiat but any mention gets short shrift . `` 8 o'clock . `` Could n't we have a second chair ? '' ventured John Gould , inciting the first major row : `` We 'll have to re-think the whole thing '' says James `` we 'll have to go back to the very beginning and re-block it ! ''
`` Nah . I know what you 're doing here . <Keep doing it .> What are you doing in Florida ? '' Keith tells him .
But the banks are cornered . Unless they pump in more money , they stand to be forced into massive write-offs . There is another curious aspect to this : even though the banks may allow a country such as Poland to `` reschedule '' its debt --- allowing it 20 years instead of 10 to repay for example --- the interest payments <keep coming . And> it is interest that hits the bottom line of a bank 's profits-and-loss statement . This means that Citibank can have a very good year even though many of its loans may be in serious trouble . The banks might have been imprudent in making the loans in the first place , but they are both clever and scrupulous when it comes to protecting the value of their assets .
She shed her clothes , and slipped quickly into its impersonal embrace . But , weary though she was , sleep remained elusive at first . Her thoughts <kept returning obsessively to> the Château La Tour Monchauzet , and its master . They might be hidden behind their curtain of trees , but she felt oppressed by their proximity just the same , as if they were standing guard over her . The picture on the card was deceptive , she thought drowsily .
The tax concession in the 1990 Budget , which allowed tax relief for employees on the benefit of nursery facilities provided by an employer , has been instrumental in promoting child care arrangements . Ms. Armstrong I am sure that the Minister is aware that the Midland bank , which has done much to develop child care , has said of the Government recently that they <keep calling its representatives> to conferences at which they urge the importance of child care , but they do nothing . Is it about time that the Government took the opportunities of our youngest children seriously , gave their parents the opportunities that they are looking for and made sure that children receive the very best start , which is something that is taken for granted in other European countries ? Mr. Jackson
Nor will it come from exports , which are now falling because the pound is so overvalued that we can not have export success at its present level of valuation . There might have been an improvement earlier with an expansion of the German economy , but that is now being deflated . It will not come from Government spending , because the Government will have to borrow massively to <keep going at the> present mean levels of public spending . Hence none of the engines of recovery is available to pull us out of the recession . There is no escape and the tragedy is that the exchange rate mechanism --- which the present aggressive , decisive Prime Minister bullied the hapless , shrinking right hon. Member for Finchley ( Mrs. Thatcher ) into entering all those months ago , forcing it on her against her will in such a decisive fashion --- precludes recovery , because we can not reduce interest rates .
CHELSEA Blooming week CROWDS of garden lovers will flock this week to the Chelsea Flower Show , one of the highlights of the London summer season . Talks planned Britain and China ended their third round of talks about political reform in Hong Kong yesterday with no sign of any agreement other than to <keep talking . Bid> for pardon The sister of Derek Bentley , hanged 40 years ago for encouraging an accomplice to shoot a policeman , was today launching a High Court challenge to the Home Secretary 's refusal of a posthumous pardon . Tuning in : TV losing ground , claims report
I might just do that ; it would give him a nice surprise . On the Monday I got to work early . I <kept hugging myself as> I imagined over and over telling Marcus what I knew and reassuring him that it would n't make any difference to us . It was so wonderful that we had a secret to seal our relationship . The girls started to arrive and I looked busy with a pile of papers so that I would n't have to talk to them .
`` There you are : Geminis do affect Aquarians . '' `` I am old enough to be your father , '' I said to myself as much as to her . `` I wish you would n't <keep saying that .> I 'm nearly eighteen . '' `` Well in September eighteen and a half years ago , '' I thought for a moment , `` I had just finished my exams .
`` What you been doin' , then , Frankie ? '' `` Not a lot . I killed a few rabbits the other day and I <keep getting weird phone> calls from Eric , but that 's about all . What about you ? '' `` Nothin' much .
I never said she could spell . `` What 's this about flowers ? '' `` He <kept asking where he> could send flowers and whether it would be better to send them to the hospital or to here if she was coming home . '' `` So what did you say , Lisabeth ? Exactly . ''
There must have been an involvement in something sufficiently profitable or menacing or both to lead somebody to murder . I 've got an appointment with Shrimpton , the lawyer , at four and I shall look in at the shop afterwards . '' He arrived on time for his appointment and he was not <kept waiting ; the> receptionist introduced him at once . Shrimpton was in the mid-forties , overweight , and slightly larger than life , a sociable type . His skin was bronzed , his thinning hair was bleached by sun and sea , and Wycliffe felt sure that he spent as little time as possible away from boats , the sea , and the club bar .
c/ There will be an improvement at Arse and Liverpool . d/ Our away form will improve . <Keep Smiling . Kev> . From : Date : Mon , 23 Aug 93 12:26:36 GMT
Well , he 's going to do something for the programme and I 'm doing something for TSB . Before we send anything off , though , we 'll post it to the list first for your comments , corrections , better jokes , & c & c . <Keep watching this space> . How about us trying to get on Standing Room Only as well ? Gav
This is not directly related to the three hundred thousand that we 've referred to , but obviously in part too . What has happened in the current year is we 've started from no involvement with this particular group of clients , and building up where by the end of the year , our best estimate we 're approaching six hundred clients so then we have a commitment of providing either residential care or some care package which keeps them out of residential care . Erm , I would have to say that 's going to be in the range of five hundred to six hundred , and very much depends to some extent on what happens in the winter months , and I 'm sorry to <keep stressing this point> , but we have n't yet got twelve months ' experience of operating this particular change , and until we 've got at least a year 's experience , and I think one would have to say , that some of the figures need to be portioned , but equally , you ca n't afford to be too cavalier in terms of your assumptions about that demand might reduce to , and I 'll touch a little later on how you control expenditure in those terms . We 've therefore looked at experience to date , the best figures available from other agencies , we have close contact with the independent sectors in terms of their expectations of , of numbers , erm , and we have our own staff in the field , who have given us their best estimates of demand for the coming year . We 've put those together , we 've looked at the staff that we need to administer that particular level of activity , and we 've come out with a figure that we think is a reasonable estimate , in fact I would go so far as saying , we think this is the lowest estimate that we can safely put forward , as to our needs for the coming year .
Yeah , that was planned that we Yes exactly Exactly and we went to the school , we told them all about it , we phoned the school , we <kept saying Not even> the older children ? it 's going to be on , nobody , nobody , not one person . Oh no , no , but I 'm sure the children did n't even get
You know , it , it is a definite problem . Yes , I can see that , yes . Yes , you , you 've got to <keep agitating for this> holiday . You 've got to survive at the end of the day . Do you know , if you 're ill then what 's going to happen ?
Throughout our policies , anybody paying up to seventy eight pounds a month gets one allocation , anybody who can afford , and will pay more than seventy eight pounds a month will get a higher allocation . An extra one percent . Right , this will <keep coming up throughout> the er , products . Can we just be clear in our minds before we move on , how it affects . We 're talking about the allocation of the premium to buy units .
okay whereas other parts they have gone into more detail which is ones they 've gone into more details with [unclear] So what they 've done is they 've picked a way of doing but they <kept chopping and changing> the way they 've been doing that all the time . Any comments group three ? Yeah , at the beginning was when sort of got twenty minutes left to do it erm we were fine there and I think it was the beginning part was and then we started panicking then like sort of after that you said oh do you want five minutes or more and we all sort of looked at each other you know [unclear] and we did n't feel that we had enough time erm so we just sort of really
`` He said he 'd pick up a spare part for me today , and he has n't , which is why we fell out earlier and why I 'm on my way now to pick it up myself . So , if I were you , I would n't put too much trust in what he said . He has a habit , as I <keep telling you ,> of being unreliable . '' `` No , he has n't . You just ca n't see any good in Jeff because of Silvia . ''
`` But that 's the whole point , '' Laura protested . `` I was sitting on the bench while the children ran off to play . And it was n't until about five minutes later that one of the twins --- and I honestly do n't know which , because they <keep swapping their headbands> ... '' she explained . But , when she saw one of the tough , huge policemen casting his eyes up to the ceiling in exasperation , she hurriedly continued her story . `` Anyway , one of the children was carrying this plastic bag , containing what looked like icing sugar .
Do n't look at him . And do n't think about how charming and witty he is , either . Or how strong , dynamic , intelligent , well dressed , cool , clever ... you 'll go mad if you <keep listing his qualities> ; you 'll never be able to resist him . `` No need to snap at me , '' Damian 's deep voice said . `` I offered you brandy because I thought it might steady your nerves . ''
Wrexham are 3rd in the table . They 're going for promotion and there was no way they were going to lose a 2-goal lead . As for Hereford , they 've just got to <keep going . better> news of rugby ... Gloucester knocked up a new record at the weekend ... at Kinghsolm they flattened Bridgend by forty two points to fifteen just three days after beating Newport ... its the first time the cherry and whites have beaten two Welsh sides in the same week ... in the valleys they 'd say ... die yown ... very good Voice over
`` I could see how dark it was and it was on my mind and I thought she rushed a little bit but it worked in my favour , '' said McNeil . Sussex 's Wood gave a good account of herself and should have claimed the second set . She said : `` I had chances but <kept overhitting . ''> Second seed Amanda Coetzer of South Africa joined Martina Navratilova on the sidelines when she was beaten 7--6 6--2 by 17 year-old American Chanda Rubin . Twelfth seed Ros Nideffer went out 4--6 6--2 10--8 to US qualifier Katrina Adams in a second round match resumed after being halted overnight at 5--5 in the final set .
Three of the relationships are particularly scandalous ( even to those of us who do not espouse religion , let alone a commitment to celibacy ) simply because the priests involved and the Catholic Church too in some cases behaved in such an uncaring , un-Christian way . Woman A ( all interviewees are anonymous ) is married and has been having a long-term affair with her parish priest . Her anguish has made her stay away from communion for months , yet the priest seems happy to <keep saying Mass .> She recently found out that he has been involved in at least five other relationships , three concurrent to hers . He also has a grown-up son .
Scores : E Taylor , A Crowe , A Braithwaite , A Kirtland 25 , B Pinder 13 ; F Thomas , K Abbott , J Hills , D Joyce 16 , B Jones 16 ; C Critchlow , T Shaw , B Allen , J Clare 25 , T Costall 25 . SOUTH Bank , the oldest surviving club in the Northern League , stressed yesterday that they will not be beaten by their current problems . With rumours circulating that the club is in danger of folding after a century of existence following the destruction of their Normanby Road headquarters , press officer Les Crossman said : `` We are adamant that the club will <keep going , even> though we have no money . `` It is an achievement to play games at the moment , as we are literally living from hand to mouth . `` The lads still at the club are coming from all over the place to turn out for us , and are happy just to play the game .
If they miss a week and they have n't paid it Yeah . just put not paid and <keep going till the> end of the year . Yeah . Although we , you agree to pay [unclear] we have not received the amount shown .
Mm . Now can you do this ? You should <keep rubbing it .> Lo look , like that ? No !
Yes I 'm alright thank you , now hush . Right , daddy ? Oh go on then , I <keep saying just a> small bit . Mummy That 's all you 're getting anyway .
Oh [unclear] dear , [unclear] hurt me . Why wo n't you go to the chiropodist . Because I <keep bumping them it> 's got nothing to do with the chiropodist . I can get you some army boots . Bumped my toe this morning . [unclear] .
He 's gone to shut the back gate cos mummy could n't be bothered . She should have done it ages ago . It <keeps banging in the> wind . Mm , it was very windy today . Mm .
Ooh ooh . [unclear] do n't do it again . It <keeps falling over .> [unclear] Here love , that 's yours . It nearly fell over . [unclear]
Well Mhm . all that money that they <keep demanding from the> er th wa th wa the firms and such like that ought to have been ploughed back into the firm ! That 's right . That 's right Stanley .
In the bag ! In the side pocket where he 'd put it ! The dog [unclear] must be at your dad 's he <kept saying , just> take me home ! You know , I what did I say ? I say it 'll be downstairs .
Thursday Yeah . I <keep thinking today 's> Monday I , I , I thought it was Thursday all day . Actually I , I was gon na buy you an evening meal with this spot the ball
Oh a couple of twelves get me right the way round , one , two , three , four , five , six , one , two six , one , two , three , four , five , six , ooh , I 'll have one of them oh that 's not mine you could of Who <keeps puffing smoke it> 's from here Three thousand pounds , ooh
I know . Oh ! And I <kept saying to her> , I need summat else . She said , no I do n't then . She said , oh yes !
You ca n't [unclear] No , no it 's oh no you ca n't go round gummy . We 're going to , we 've , we 've got this [unclear] going down to [unclear] for three weeks , you know next weekend or the weekend afterwards , and we do n't keep getting appointments , see I 'm gon na <keep ringing him up> and pestering him and saying Mm have you got a cancellation ?
Can I do this to you ? And he 's singing it and he 's going like this No you do n't have to <keep moving it about> . dee dee dee dee dee . Figaro come here Figaro , no there .
I did say happy birthday to her . I sang it all day long ! And I was here all on my own , I <kept singing it !> I thought , if she could hear she thinks I 'm bloody crackers ! Have you had enough of this have you ?
well , we started this mouth to mouth and Elizabeth says I 'll and I 'll put , I said I think her heart 's going , but I mean , to me it means anything to get her going . Mm ! Anyway , we <kept blowing in ,> and we must have been doing mouth to mouth for about eighteen er about a mi a minute and a half . Really ? She suddenly , Elizabeth there 's her one arm after she pressed down on her dress and then she goes , ooh !
Well , could be . I thought of that . I [unclear] , things <keep going through my> head every time my head 's like it got this little what do you call it in , one of those erm like a live wire , just keeps going up and down and all the time . I 'm trying to work out why she 's mad all the time , why she 's she 's down on everything . And I ca n't understand her , I ca n't keep up with her !
Do n't think she would , no . It would only be if somebody was off on long term sickness or Only when I <keep getting her to> do all this typing for me . Yeah but look at that in a week , I mean And look I mean she 'd never spend
That 's th the lying stake . Anyway Well the second bit on , do n't you think you reach a point where it <keeps going , the> actual crap , and you go , well why are they doing it then ? Yeah . It 's really shit , yes , but let's just
A very important time coming up for the club , some very important games , no more important to people in this area than the game at Swindon on Tuesday night , But then away to Middlesborough , home to West Ham , still something to play for for Oxford United this season if the results keep going their way ? Well it 's always going to be hard because we 're , you know , near the bottom and that and it 's very tight , you know just a win or a loss like , it puts you either three places up or right near the bottom . So obviously there 's a few tough games ahead , but you know , with erm if we set our [unclear] out right and <keep working hard ,> then hopefully we can get a few points and maybe push ourselves further up the table . And finally , Tuesday night --- probably to you , what , a Londoner and playing down in Torquay , the game against Swindon , never taken so much significance , but a very very important game for Oxford United and their followers . Oh yes , you only had to listen to this afternoon like , with the crowds and that , obviously it means a lot to them and there 's a lot of you know , stick I suppose goes around between the two clubs , so I just want to go out there , hopefully have a good game and keep a clean sheet .
I was going to buy a laser , but I [unclear] buy a bubble-jet . Yeah . And it , you do n't have to <keep changing all the> paper , you just [unclear] and it does it . And you 're , do you thing com ever run out of Paper like that [unclear]
