tly directing his children through these precious Kodak moments . ( hom# Dad . ( ho# That was good . <Keep going . I> always remember getting sick of it-- Yeah . --because I just wanted to have fun and we had to always pause and take a picture , which kind of got ann
. " Yeah . And Walt 's wife , who is just , she just really hates Walt at this point because he just <keeps getting deeper and> deeper into the meth business and into his gangster self . And she thinks that even though he feels secure and that they 're safe that they are not t
ore than a year ago , his mind a tangle of wounds and fright . Petrakis clears his throat . " If you <keep pulling at that> ear it 'll be off by the time Jerry comes , " Wagner says to Petrakis . " Do n't think there 's any man on earth not frightened when he 's heading in
 down on the top edge and then pull it away from the dock . With the prototype unit I saw , one side <kept getting stuck --> but you ca n't expect prototypes to be perfect . Cowan said the combo will measure 0.9 inch thick and tip the scales at 4.85 pounds ; the tablet on i
r to take NASA 's word for this than anybody that Eric come up with or anybody else -- you know , he <keeps coming up ,> he laughs about it . Do n't laugh at NASA scientists . These people have done remarkably good jobs . Greg -- But there are two points to this . One ,
, this is going to be terrible , issue with coming into my bed - this is some years ago now . And he <kept coming in my> bed in the middle of the night when I 'm half-asleep . I was working at the time , so I was getting four or five hours of sleep . And he came into my
 ? " We 're not here for that , " we said , smiling , as we passed her , and then we found we had to <keep saying it at> every point of the process , to all of the helpful clerks at each step who reminded us that we could register to marry instead . We thanked them and 
y every year , ' I will have kids in three years . ' But my business is very entrepreneurial , and I <kept trying to find> time for it to happen . Then , when you 're like , ' I 'm just going to do it , ' it 's not so easy . " Banks tears up as she discusses using IVF to 
ke anything for granted , " he said . " As soon as we step back ... we ca n't step back . We have to <keep going and playing> the game the right way - the way we are right now . " At the end of the season COMES OFF DL , IS OPTIONED Outfielder Tommy Pham , who suffered a stra
follow these guidelines . Illegal ? But you know that , Juan . What -- they ca n't go , Juan . But I <keep asking you ,> what law she broke ? What you have to do , government . We do n't know . You have to do -- We do n't know . We do n't know . We do n't know . You sho
a little taller than me so maybe not . So if there is a war on women does that mean we still have to <keep paying for your> dinner ? Oh . Jesse Watters enlisting in the war on women . So you do n't always want equality you want chivalry when it suits you ? Yes . Yes , abso
But he did wish to see Cedric 's reaction . Grayson actually had the grace to flush . And cough . He <kept glancing at Clare> 's sherry as if he longed to take a draught himself . I thought he was more enamoured of port . Perhaps his tastes have changed . Clare shelved the i
ypt , and reads his paper , he expect to see militias and arms at the corner of his house , and they <keep insisting on saying> things that are false ; they are not based on fact . They have no evidence . -- you know , according to the law and to even common sense , they would
 sense of turmoil , a sense of events being a little bit out of control , the war in Syria that just <keeps getting worse ,> keeps taking more lives . The events in Benghazi obviously dramatize the degree to which there 's instability in the Islamic world , especially in No
ond comprehension . And it 's beyond comprehension to most NRA members . important for our mayors to <keep pointing out to> people that this is not about the NRA membership . We had Frank Luntz do a poll a couple years ago and then again repeated it just earlier this year 
asked him like , " Did you tell the teacher ? Were said , " Yeah , I kept telling the teacher and he <kept bullying me .> They never did anything about it . " I am like , " You had no other choice . " Another mother was frustrated that the context of her child 's behavio
ut strong . Abhi and I keep our eyes on the carpet . " Take . " The sarcasm has not registered . She <keeps drying her hands> while he pulls on his hat and gets his hood over it . She looks at us. " Mom , Dad , you can go back to sleep . You do n't have to wait . " Abhi smil
the laughter of children , at which point I began to run . Reaching the meeting place early I simply <kept going , maintaining> my pace to stay warm , taking four random right turns to reckon ending up more or less where I must . It was bracing and I lost track of time , as we
" I wonder if that had worked for him when he got divorced ? It had stopped being only of them . She <kept looking at me> with those blue eyes that came from his side of the family and the silence lengthened between us . We had been great travel companions . It was just 
f the new one does n't interest you , you can just skip it . You Might Also Like But the phrase that <keeps coming up is> that this reboot is somehow destroying its audience 's childhood . Melissa McCarthy summed it up this way : " ' You 're ruining my childhood ! ' I me
" " , Harry . " I did n't feel good . I felt like a turd . And a suspicious turd at that . Because I <kept wondering if she> believed I was going to help her or was sweet-talking me for some other reason . I said , " What happened to your legs ? " Grayling reappeared . " He
me . Yeah . AL ROKER : Just go on . Keep going . AL ROKER : And -- but because she 's done this , it <keeps going in Clark> -- what ? Jenny McCarthy ? Jenny McCarthy . She 's weighing in on her radio ? So she said she had sympathy for this singer , but she says , quote , "
e issues -- because , she added : " they these issues are not going to go away . People are going to <keep calling us and> asking . " Hale and Ertter both commented that terminology is a problem . No one really knows what anyone else means by the words " green " and " sus
p . " What do you know about fat ? " said Tub . " What do you know about glands ? " As he spoke , he <kept shaking Frank .> " What do you know about me ? " " All right , " said Frank . " No more , " said Tub . " All right . " " No more talking to me like that . No more wat
n bedsheet . Q : You 're suggesting to us that the circumstances were makeshift . A : That 's what I <kept saying to these> guys -- that we were really dealing with friend Donnie was fretful that the film would be harmed in some fashion . A : Fretful -- boy , that 's the w
e darkness and felt washing down from the hill the comforting spirits of the grave . The teenage boy <kept showing up at> odd times . He seemed to know all the boys who worked in the battalion and many of the American sergeants . Once the boy saw him in a soccer game pla
hed into the kitchen where Rita was peeling potatoes . There was a guilty look on her face , but she <kept peeling the potatoes> and staring straight into the sink . " Where ... where 's Los Angeles ? " I blurted out , hot tears burning their trails down my cheeks . Rita , a bl
 . COPELAND ( to Gerard ) You hear me ? I said , I want out or I 'll cut your man 's throat ! GERARD <Keeps moving down the> hallway , through first bedroom , pauses at door to the second bedroom and chooses his course . LIVING ROOM Copeland positions himself between the be
them with our sticky fingers : twenty-dollar bills , fifty-dollar bills , hundred-dollar bills Momma <kept marveling like a> drunk woman , Can you believe it , honey ? Can you believe it ? There were eleven hundred-dollar bills there . Our final count was $4,860 . WHEN MICH
ut her , she 's probably back in bed with Ronald . I was shocked , but kept my worries to myself . I <kept refusing to think> the worst . She 's sleeping , she 's out shopping , she 's taking a walk . I called for her at work , and they said what I 'd suspected -- she 'd pho
t outside the safe house .. alive and beautiful .. and thinking I ? m dead and gone . God knows what <keep going and get> the job done , I .. PHELPS breaks off abruptly . Apparently some inner struggle over this threatens to overwhelm him . Then , controlling it : PHELPS
ive yourself mad . Rodya : How do you know about that ? Porfiry : I know all about you . Hodya : You <keep saying that .> Do you suspect me or not ? Do n't play with me . PorfirY : Why should I suspect you , if you have done nothing ? I invited you here as a friend , but
" Leave her alone ! " cried Michael . " She does n't like you , she likes me ! " Tom answered and he <kept trying to pull> Lisa to him . Michael was so mad , he hit Tom in the stomach . Tom was lying down on the floor and could n't get up anymore . " Come on Lisa , I 'll 
 , hellfire , then the plate going about a jiggle with money , but it is different , him , B. Gordon <keeps talking instead of> sitting at the piano and letting the closing hymn strike up . He is saying how money is good but what Jesus needs of each of us right now is one of t
where against his will . This is America . People have rights . DRUNK #2 He was bleeding before . He <kept spilling his beer> . I gave him mouth-to-mouth. WALLS You 're lucky you did n't going to hear it straight from the loony 's mouth . Are you crazy ? Did you try to bump 
 I finished everything I went to smooth my hair down in the mirror , but my eyes were there and they <kept staring at me> like there was something they knew now . Bil-ly , they said , lispy and mocking-like , Billy-boy . Outside the smell hung in the aisle . I could feel
o looked just like him except that he had a scar on his chest . They were on a train and the bad guy <kept making everyone think> he was the good guy and doing and saying rotten stuff so that they all came to hate the good guy . My mother told my father that she was going to mis
fter a week of this , my eyes felt as if they 'd been splashed with hot solder and invisible needles <kept torturing the back> of my throat . And Gurm was waiting and waiting , and my concentration was slipping . . . . On the tenth morning after the monster 's escape , the we
, but pure savagery . Like an unsatisfied vendetta , Elsa shuddered . Someone still hating enough to <keep murdering a dead> girl . Gathering herself , Elsa turned to search across the monument-encrusted fields of this city of the dead . But she could see no one lurking amo
years , this is a first . I tell him as much , and he 's contrite . Toward the end of the session he <keeps calling himself a> hopeless case and says . " I 'm wasting both our time , " he says , and adds : " I 'm comfortable . Financially , I mean . If it 's a question of mon
ion . The spheres started moving as if they had minds of their own . Catherine watched as one sphere <kept speeding up and> slowing down in a straight line towards the other side of the room . Another sphere moved in a widening spiral , almost crashing into a sphere that z
might spook her I made a show of motioning to the bartender for another wine , then turned . But she <kept staring at the> TV screen . So I waited , and when she still did not in any way acknowledge me I felt as though I was entering a sort of No Man 's Land where I had t
 with dizziness , those girls all fell in love with my young uncle and began to make love to him . I <kept peeping through the> narrow crack until the girl wore only bras and panties . And then , I school regulations . Through the sounds of tender moaning , I could hear the gi
es that he feels the burning sensation in his shoulder before he hears the sound of the gun . But he <keeps going in the> direction of the man and the home . Surely they will help . Surely . " Get back , now . Get back off my property I say . " He cocks his rifle . Octav
is made of ? " Brittney is my symbiote and lives in a distributed chip network beneath my ribs . She <keeps telling me she> 'd be safer in my skull , which might be true , but I 'm not letting anything share space with my brain . Until she went sentient , she was the best 
dy feeling weakness , he paused for breath . The scents of ozone , hot metal , and lubricants came . <Keep going , he> told himself . So he 'd see her again . Another forced step . Count on nothing . One more . Now he was completely outside . Breeze touched the fabric
to her cousin in Bavaria , scratching out the words with a fountain pen . Eliot could n't focus . He <kept replaying the confrontation> with Mike in his head , and adrenaline shot through his body as he imagined himself punching that creep in the face . Mike , though , was n't the onl
. Anything . Do n't you like this ? Just tell me what you want . Come on . Just tell me . " She just <kept saying that to> me over and over . And after a while I thought there was something I wanted but I could n't say it to her . I did n't want to stay in that bathtub no
n to the urgency of selecting a pastor to take the place of Reverend Knott Enuff Money . " We ca n't <keep putting off getting> a new pastor , " one board member pointed out after learning Reverend Tom had an open invitation to preach at another local church . " I suggest we h
ed on . " Two decades later , you 're writing " My ancestors , meanwhile , are eating cabbage . They <keep stirring the pot> looking for a pig foot which is n't there . " Having been dislocated from your childhood homeland - could part of your poetry be a desire to recreate
e to break down our inhibitions and our fear of making mistakes or sounding stupid . Signor Bonavito <kept telling us that> speaking was most important , and that grammar and structure would come later . At 10:30 P.M. , tired but excited , I joined my wife for some tea in 
here , but there have been plenty of singles . " And that may be precisely why the market is able to <keep moving forward .> Contributing : Donna Rosato Stocks leap into ' 94 The stock market is off to a fast start this year . Trading volume has been very heavy , and the Do
rs , HMO premiums will be flat or slightly down , while the cost of traditional insurance plans will <keep rising in the> double digits , insurance brokers and HMO executives say . Prudential Healthcare Plan plans to freeze its average premium per person at this year 's 
here is also an important , hilarious subplot about the saving of Butch 's gold watch . One thing we <kept noticing during our> shot-by-shot odyssey is that much of the violence is offscreen . When the guys in the apartment are shot , the camera is When the hypodermic needle g
's Goals Go Unfulfilled Nate Emeritz and his teammates on the boys soccer team at Wilson High School <kept hearing this summer> about the problems affecting the D.C. public school system . They thought that , beyond a three-week delay in the start of school , the impact on the
 and I 've been handling it fine , " she said . " " If I can keep doing it until now , I think I can <keep going . "> " While her size may be an asset athletically , it is not necessarily an edge on young-looking skaters . As a concession to that , Lipinski and Calla
was 85 cents and this year it 's 75 cents . " So we 're all making big money at a time when expenses <keep going up ,> from gasoline to interest on loans , " he said . It 's a precarious business that many are leaving -- often by selling off land to developers that 's
her , has an immediate price hike in transportation costs . Truckers and retailers can not afford to <keep absorbing these price> hikes ; they will be passed on to the consumer as higher prices . Forget the SUV owners . They can afford $ 75 to fill their gas tanks . What about t
ere 's the financial hole telecoms have dug . They basically ca n't raise or borrow money . Bad news <keeps chasing away potential> investors or lenders . Telecom stocks go nowhere but down . Bankruptcies leave creditors with major losses . The financial scandals at WorldCom and G
e tough economic times , and insists his ratings will rebound with the economy . " I 've just got to <keep getting my message> out , " he said during a recent interview in his office . " If you keep doing things that affect people 's lives , with the D.M.V. , with education ,
he bubble but more likely to return than not . " Firefly " Extinguished , though creator Joss Whedon <keeps making noises about> taking it elsewhere . " Futurama " No future . " girls club " toast . " Joe Millionaire " No lie , Fox plans to pull this prank ( or something like i
and blow things up , " ' said John Waters , a cousin . " So they gave him a Howitzer and he liked it <keep shooting it .> " DuSang , 24 , of Mandeville , La. , died June 30 when the truck in which he was traveling overturned after a tire blew out north of the Kuwait bord
ys Dumars : " It 's a personal choice he makes not to show people what a genuine great guy he is . I <keep telling him I> 'm going to expose him . " Unlikely it 's just temporary Dumars says acquiring Wallace was a no-brainer , even with the potential baggage he brought 
 Roger Clemens pushed him out of the dugout to take a curtain call . " He had determination and just <kept pursuing his career> , " Torre says . " So many players in our clubhouse gravitated toward him because of his personality . " The next season , Pride was on the Anaheim A
 a living . They have n't helped me a bit . All they 've done is cause turmoil voice-over And Disney <keeps getting bigger ,> building apartments and shopping malls , even an amusement park for adults called Pleasure Island , featuring liquor and Lambada . DISC JOCKEY : Come
k in my house voice-over Many students us with taxes and airline fees and all this stuff and it just <kept going up Florida> would be cheaper ? 5th STUDENT : Oh , yeah , a lot cheaper voice-over This girl was unhappy about- 4th STUDENT : Dorky guys that drunk and think they
ht to make Rome humane , he was controversial . He sought to change things . There 's this word that <keeps being dropped about> Jackson , the problem . I must address that . In 1980 , I argued against the forces trying to undercut Carter . I thought it made us weak ; it did an
 of ammunition . And he came back for the gym bag . And as he did , he stopped over Sharon , and she <kept crying out .> I believe she was in shock at this point . She kept crying out , My God , I thought this was a joke . ' But she was n't really looking at anybody or 
to balance the budget - so that we ca n't take this money in and just spend , spend , spend and just <keep running up the> deficit . See , that 's wrong . Right now the American people are going to become nervous and very sensitive unless we get rid of foreign lobbyists a
It was money very badly misspent , in my case I 'm afraid . I was a terribly incompetent soldier who <kept being passed along> to the next level of incompetence . It served with were really rather aghast , I think , to find me among them often , but , I kept them laughing , I
ays those qualities seduced him when he read the original screenplay . JOHN DAHL , Film Director : I <kept reading it and> thinking ' She ca n't be this bad . ' As I 'm reading it , the tension for me kept mounting and thinking , ' Well , she 's not that bad , is she ? Sh
ront of her , and crying and crying . And the lady just kept saying ' Shut up , shut up , ' and just <kept smacking the baby> in the face to make it be quiet . Things like that have just stuck out in my mind where -- that 's horrible . : I do n't think that a surveillance sy
ks her , and she says she likes to do it , and when she -- when I reported it , she says , Hey , you <keep giving me a> lot of ' -- and she used a word that a fine Would never say . : So I said , Yeah , I do . ' And she said , Well , that 's OK , because I like that bl
self as much , but I 've seen it on other people . I did n't see it in myself very much , but people <kept reminding me that> I was n't quite as fun to be around . : Staying clean has reignited Dando 's own creative spark , striving to keep his music accessible to his fans b
t pills instead of food . She dropped to please agents and producers , but at an enormous cost . : I <kept trying to be> something I was n't and I 'd get down to where my arms dented in and I did n't have a bosom anymore . But I still had hips , you know , or -- or thig
tion because you know that that 's the vulnerability in men . I think women should use it instead of <keep trying to destroy> what 's -- something very natural that comes to them . : But go -- go back to that last skit that they did -- the last ... : But it 's subtle . : Sus
ed child support for a daughter from a previous marriage , she explained , but the district attorney <keeps trying to deduct> money from his paycheck too . " CAROL " : They keep sending garnishment letters to his job , even though the case has been settled in court , and we 
 him through . And she was struck by the fact that he was not interested at all in the museum , just <kept looking up at> the ceiling and spent 20 minutes there and then left the building . She reported it to our security . : Right . Rabbi HIER : And we have asked the FB
at happened . : Bill , what 's going on here ? Ronald Reagan , at the end of his presidency , except <kept insisting that he> never really did sell arms to Iran in exchange for hostages . Is that -- is this -- is this a disbelief on the president 's part -- ca n't face it ? 
 wrong . qwq ! UNIDENTIFIED-MALE : Our youngest child , P.J. , was crawling at the time , and Nathan <kept tripping over him> . qwq ! UNIDENTIFIED-FEMAL : Its like he had this shelf that came out from underneath his chin , and anything that was below that shelf , he would no
the shoe-shine stands which do n't exist anymore . : Another dilemma for donors is whether or not to <keep giving to all> their usual causes . Many arts and social service charities have suspended fund raising because of the terrorist attacks . Robert Wientzen , the pres
s you have , you always get to a larger number . And the idea of infinity comes there as the limit ; <keep adding forever and> this is infinite . : I understand from reading that Godel made a significant contribution to Einstein 's relativity theory , did he not ? : Yes , God
s . If you want , you know , I can e-mail you the information about it . qwq ! SAFER : The fish just <keep taking the bait> . qwq ! UNIDENTIFIED-MALE : This is so cool . qwq ! UNIDENTIFIED-FEMAL : You know , I have some information that I could e- mail you . qwq ! UNIDENTI
sue amounts to winking at the law , and that 's exactly what policy makers and employers seem set to <keep doing . Jennifer> Ludden , NPR News , Washington . 8:00-9:00 PM , President Bush was in Nashville , Tennessee , today , speaking before a convention of religious broad
YER : A couple of ... KING : Or did it happen after ? SAWYER : A couple of the contestants during it <kept going , what> is this ? But nobody stopped it . And then behind the scenes , they -- yes . They were taking a look at the tapes . They were trying to figure out . 
is game . Not bad That was an easy one , they little wedge which I put in , right here , and then we <keep going . This> game also about 50 bucks , you said ? SALZMAN : Yep , that 's right . You can go to trivialpursuit.com , read more about it , but it is 50 , just lik
e bridges around us . We did n't know . We wanted to leave to come to Beirut but ... : But like they <kept hitting everywhere .> on the news things happening and you 'd get scared so easily . : How scared were you ? : Well the first night when it all happened , we all woke up a
detectives say , the Georges ' friends and family also refused to cooperate . Detective WHIDDON : We <kept getting the same> answer . Ed George told me not to talk to you . : So the fact that they were closing ranks , did that make you suspicious ? Detective FELBER : Of cou
great person . : The judge has n't taken away the kids from Britney Spears just yet , but if Britney <keeps partying it up> is UCLA psychiatrist and Wonderland 's director of psychiatric services Dr. Reef Karim . That 's also the place where Lindsay Lohan went to rehab . A
und the outside there . I 'll go ahead and just kind of take it Oh , see how much neater yours is. : <Keep going . :> I guess that 's why you 're a chef . : No , you 're doing good . Let me turn yours down a tiny bit . : All right , so how long do we cook our eggs ? 
, I think it 's not just that she 's making the argument that you do n't know enough about him . She <keeps going back to> the moments where you do know about him , where he 's made mistakes . : Right . : And that 's really the argument that she 's making to the superdele
ve in order to stop more regulation and required transparency . We love hearing from you . So please <keep sending us your> e-mails and response through " Cutting Through the Bull " and pretty much anything else on the show , and we will try to get them on the air when we 
st . You used to write for Howard stern . : Oh , boy . : What happened ? : Well , in radio my bosses <kept getting younger and> dumber . : By this point it was clear I was n't catching anything . Steve put a stunt fish on my line so I could find out what it feels like . : OK ,
pothermia was setting in . I -- I just did nt know how bad it was at that time -- : Right . : -- and <kept going . :> You get there . You get a hold of the ladder . Almost too exhausted to even climb up , you get inside -- : Yeah . : -- and what was the reaction to t
 . : -- we had Transformers -- : Mm-Hm. : -- so this is the Accelerator Joe- : Oh . : -- and we just <keep doing this- :> Okay . : -- and he does all kinds of things . And he just keeps going his legs . : Cool , cool , All right . : Transformers. : All right . And this i
cortex ? I think it really has to do with patterns of your brain . And what you really need to do is <keep pushing your brain> . It 's not a conscious thing . I think that if we try to focus really hard on something , that 's calling on our frontal cortex . If we learn someth
solve this problem . If those levels get a whole lot higher , can they really stay in that plant and <keep trying to cool> it down ? And what happen if they have to evacuate ? It 's a terrible scenario to think about . : It 's extraordinarily heroic of them to be doing it
ly , really sad moment . When the day come , we sat -- me and my sister were crying like we did , we <kept hugging him ,> and we did n't want him to go , so it 's really sad with me. We brought him to the airport and everything and then like , we were , too -- like we we
... and saying , ' I 'm here , I 'm here , follow my voice back . I 'm here to help you . And I just <kept stroking her arm> . I did n't care if it was silly . I did n't care if it was stupid . I was going to do something . By now Beverly had realized that her friend Kirby 
self and somewhat controversial at the time . But they almost universally panned it , and yet crowds <kept coming . That> 's -- that 's right , Jeff . I mean , you ca n't underestimate the interest that a lot of Americans and a lot of tourists have in Spider-Man . Spider
